Disable adding configurations. (#853)
libcpr/cpr: CMakeLists.txt

cpr_option(CPR_BUILD_TESTS_PROXY "Set to ON to build proxy tests. They fail in case there is no valid proxy server available in proxy_tests.cpp" OFF)
cpr_option(CPR_SKIP_CA_BUNDLE_SEARCH "Skip searching for Certificate Authority certs. Turn ON systems like iOS where file access is restricted and prevents https from working." OFF)
cpr_option(CPR_USE_BOOST_FILESYSTEM "Set to ON to use the Boost.Filesystem library on OSX." OFF)

> cpr_option(CPR_DEBUG_SANITIZER_FLAG_THREAD "Enable ThreadSanitizer for debug build." OFF)
> cpr_option(CPR_DEBUG_SANITIZER_FLAG_ADDR "Enable AddressSanitizer for debug build." OFF)
> cpr_option(CPR_DEBUG_SANITIZER_FLAG_LEAK "Enable LeakSanitizer for debug build." OFF)
> cpr_option(CPR_DEBUG_SANITIZER_FLAG_UB "Enable UndefinedBehaviorSanitizer for debug build." OFF)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cpr_option(CPR_DEBUG_SANITIZER_FLAG_THREAD "Enables the ThreadSanitizer for debug builds." OFF)
cpr_option(CPR_DEBUG_SANITIZER_FLAG_ADDR "Enables the AddressSanitizer for debug builds." OFF)
cpr_option(CPR_DEBUG_SANITIZER_FLAG_LEAK "Enables the LeakSanitizer for debug builds." OFF)
cpr_option(CPR_DEBUG_SANITIZER_FLAG_UB "Enables the UndefinedBehaviorSanitizer for debug builds." OFF)
```

> cpr_option(CPR_DEBUG_SANITIZER_FLAG_ALL "Enable all sanitizers for debug build." OFF)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cpr_option(CPR_DEBUG_SANITIZER_FLAG_ALL "Enables all sanitizers for debug builds except the ThreadSanitizer since it is incompatible with the other sanitizers." OFF)
```
